test: add TestBench test and configure gradle to run IT's (#272)
vaadin/base-starter-gradle: README.md

Now you can open the [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) with your browser.

## Running tests

> In order to run integration tests you need to add the `it` option:

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
In order to run integration tests you need to add the `it` gradle parameter:
```
